[MUSIC]
Hello, and in this video, I'll be showing
you how to control, and open files within
Python.
Now, it's really easy to do, and you can
use a built
in function, which I'll be showing you how
to use in a moment.
However, if you look at this text.txt
file, which I've which i've created.
It's got four lines in it with some data.
It doesn't matter what's actually in this
file, or what type of file
it actually is It will open and read
whatever it can from any file.
I'm just using a text file for this
example.
And what we've got to do inside our Python
file now, is create a file handler.
So we do file is equal to the function
open, and this can take two parameters,
but the
first parameter is the one which is
required, and
that is the file name of the, the file
location.
So, if it's not in the same location as
the actual
as the actual Python scripts, then you
have to locate it based on where it is.
So, you could say, open up a HTML page on
the
internet by using HTTP purge call within
the open function, for example.
Or you can locate it on your disk
space by going back and changing directory
appropriately.
Also to get it to read it line by line,
what we need
to do is do for, and then we'll do each
line in the file.
And we'll just do print line.
Now, when we run this, you'll notice that
we actually get an extra space
in between each of these outputs, which is
not apparent within each of these inputs.
The way to get rid of this, is in the
print to do a comma,
and then we do end, is equal to, and then
just do a blank space.
And what this does, is it changes what the
value
of the end line, end of the line will be.
So, for example, I could change it to be
two backwards slashes.
And then, if I was to run this again,
you'll just
get one backward slash at the end of each
line, or
rather at the beginning of each new line,
which is the
equivalent of it being at the end of each
line anyway.
So, as you can see, all it does is just
set a value for the new line, and so, if
we put those empty string, then all we get
is
each one on the same way in which we input
it.
So, that is how you're open a file within
Python.
It is incredibly easy, well, it allows you
to obtain data without having to use a
database.
So, thank you for watching, and I will see
you in the next video.
[MUSIC]